What? Your father is Zhao Tianlong?
What is Zhao Tianlong?
Zhao Tianlong is nothing
He is a famous butcher
The kind that even slashes the dog on the side of the road twice
So hateful
Then I have to hit his son harder
Hahaha
If you dare to hit me, my dad will kill you
You say that?
Then I have to hit him harder.
Ahhh, I was wrong.
I was wrong, don't hit me.
Wrong.
Get out of here
Don't let me see you again
Otherwise, I will hit you once I see you.
roll
How do you know he's a fake soldier?
Do you feel that with your status and status
Qualified to make you handsome
Come to you in person?
What status is really handsome?
He is a legend that the world admires
How could he have come to me?
If it weren't for you
I was almost ruined by that evil man
Damn
Yeah.
I will protect you in the future, and no one will dare to kill you again.
Are you confessing to me?
Take it as it is
Don't think too much.
How can I fall?
It's impossible to marry a waiter
But
I also don't want to end myself to that pervert
scum so
Come on.
It's cheaper for you.